New feature: the idea now is that we want to implement in the NeedToWorkOnView and MasteredView is a way to actually go through the speaking function just like in conversational view but with the phrases inside of mastered view and work on view. What we want to do is implement a card that will come up on the screen. now the card will be styled and work just like how the current conversationalView looks and functions. just we want this new card to accept and work with the fields that each item in the list of work on/ mastered is associted with. the flow is this -> the user goes to work on view -> they see a the list of out their phrases -> they press on a phrase -> a rectangular card comes up the screen, its edges should be curved, and the whole screen behind the card is blurred. now this card will have a pruple X button in the top right just like our back button styling in the workon/mastered views. now the card that comes up will be full just like the ui and backend of the conversationalview, connected to our cloud function, and sending and receiving responses from it correcty. now we also want to make it so that when we get the response from the ai that says "Great Job! You have mastered the phrase." we want to write the phrase to mastered_phrases and delete it from user_profiles. we also want to be sure that when we are in this practice modal in the mastered phrases we arent deleting or writing to any section as once a phrase gets into mastered it stays there, but obvsouly as i mentioned in the work on view we want to be checking to write phrases to mastered. we also want to make it so that when a card is open for a phrase in the need to work on view and the user receives the correct response from the ai that they did it correct, we want to display a middle center of the screen toast message that says You Mastered the phrase! and then after 1.5 seoncds the card on the screen will close, and then the user will obvously no longer see that phrase in their work on.

You make make the component for the card to be in /views folder where needtoworkon.tsx and masteredview.tsx currently are.