New feature: for our new feature we are going to be implementing a XP tracker as well as a counter for the daily videos watched by a user. These fields are in the profiles table for a user, they are called xp_level and daily_videos_watched , here is an idea of how the XP level will work. when the user is on a certain video / they swipe to go to the next one, it pulls in all the data from the database for that certain video built it and put its data in our learn.tsx file as well as all of its children including ContextView which is the video quiz expandable box. now for the xp_level, we want to add 100 to the current number for that value when the user presses the correct answer in context view, now the user will only be able to do this once, and then when the user swipes to the next video and all the states are refershed and new data is filled the user will again have the opportunity to get this xp from hitting the correct answer on ContextView. Now what we want to do is for the daily_videos_watched, is we want to increrment this number by 1 the same way we do with the XP level, when the user gets the correct answer on the ContextView. Now we need to add logic to reset this counter back to zero when the current day is one after the users last active day, we can intertwine this with our logic for updating the users daily streak, which i beleive is in one of the main layout files. now we also want to think of edge cases that could cause errors if there would be any and implement the minimum safeguards needed to fix them.

Please check the databse implementation, make sure we are interfacing with the profiles table correctly for these fields, and then work on the logic in the app to make the new feature.